right we're back out the photography
show 2014 and we're on the case logic
started which took me to Julia hey there
Julia very well how are you I'm very
well thinking you know you've just
showed me before we filmed some bags
that I'm not used to seeing a lot of
innovation in the bag space but you've
got a couple of products here but I
think I kind of got some new features
that are interesting yeah so the
reflection bags or what they do in
Ossipee bag okay let's have a look at
this one can you show us that trick you
just showed me with it yeah so what is
it normative about the bag is usually a
split pack opens horizontally this one
opens diagonally when you attach your
tripod you detach diagonally as well
which then allows you without removing
it to actually open up the bag now have
full access to your camera have a nice
work out of station where you prepare
your camera when you take off lenses
when you switch your filters and
everything is out of the way it's just
you and your camera this is shot this is
the bit that I thought was really cool
because we do regularly need a place to
change lenses that's having this little
space here I thought was extremely
interesting may have also got in there
this snake type lens holder and that was
the thing that caught my eye in the
other bag I wanted you to show me deal
yeah show me that one is what these
so that's another back of the luminosity
collection offer you knew back access to
it so giving you a lot of security
uh-huh
but everybody wants to customize but
nobody wants to have the velcro sound
here silently and with just one hand you
can adjust the interior changing it from
several smaller accessories to store to
now going to 70 to 200 millimeter rounds
this is great because you know we've all
got bags that have got these these
velcro bits and the mini you've got gear
in there moving those around is a
complete pain I mean it really is and we
just looked at the pain points of our
consumers of the photographer's how can
we either reduce them or at a minimum
like or reduce them or eliminate
eliminate them so it was just a great
way to work with our designers trying to
find a solution yeah this is it I think
this is properly innovative I think this
is really interesting I love the way
that you can I mean you could put your
lens in there and just sort of pull it
tight correct and now it's all it's all
tightly held in place and just as simple
you change it back that's fabulous so
this is a case logic luminosity did you
say that is correct and where can people
find these you would be able to find
them on Amazon Dakotas UK you can
probably find them at works and the
Calumet as well okay and presumably
they're available in the States as well
they will be available in the States
there you can get them at Amazon Best
Buy you can get them even at B&H
brilliant brilliant and rough price on
these in pounds roundabout underpants
fantastic
thank you very much Julia I really
appreciate
photo walkthrough is a free online video
show about photography and digital photo
editing using Photoshop and Lightroom
join the photo walkthrough community
find all the old shows and subscribe to
the new ones for free at photo walk
through calm